Thank you for becoming the owner of a new Kia vehicle.
As a global car manufacturer focused on building high-quality vehi￾cles with exceptional value, Kia Motors is dedicated to providing you
with a customer service experience that exceeds your expectations.
All information contained in this Owner’s Manual was accurate at the
time of publication. However, Kia reserves the right to make changes
at any time so that our policy of continual product improvement can
be carried out.
This manual applies to all trims of this vehicle and includes images,
descriptions, and explanations of optional as well as standard equip￾ment. As a result, some material in this manual may not be applicable
to your specific Kia vehicle. Some images are shown for illustration
only and may show features that differ from those on your vehicle.
Drive safely and enjoy your Kia!
i
Thank you for choosing a Kia vehicle.
When you require service, remember that your Kia dealer
knows your vehicle best. Your dealer has factory-trained technicians, recommended special tools and genuine Kia replacement parts. It is dedicated to your complete customer satisfaction.
Because subsequent owners require this important information
as well, this publication should remain with the vehicle if it is
sold.
This manual will familiarize you with operational, maintenance and safety information about your new vehicle. It is supplemented by a Warranty and Consumer Information manual
that provides important information on all warranties regarding
your vehicle.
We urge you to read these publications carefully and follow the
recommendations to help assure enjoyable and safe operation
of your new vehicle.
Kia offers a great variety of options, components and features
for its various models. Therefore, some of the equipment
described in this manual, along with the various illustrations,
may not be applicable to your particular vehicle. 
The information and specifications provided in this manual
were accurate at the time of printing. Kia reserves the right to
discontinue or change specifications or design at any time
without notice and without incurring any obligation. If you
have questions, always check with your Kia dealer.
We assure you of our continuing interest in your motoring
pleasure and satisfaction in your Kia vehicle.
© 2018 Kia MOTORS AMERICA, Inc.
All rights reserved. May not be reproduced or translated in
whole or in part without the written consent of Kia Motors
America, Inc.
Printed in Korea
